// Javascript Library

A JavaScript library is a library of pre-written JavaScript code that allows for easier development of JavaScript-based applications, especially for AJAX and other web-centric technologies.

XML is a software- and hardware-independent tool for storing and transporting data.

What is XML?
XML stands for eXtensible Markup Language
XML is a markup language much like HTML
XML was designed to store and transport data
XML was designed to be self-descriptive
XML is a W3C Recommendation

//But still, the XML above does not DO anything. XML is just information wrapped in tags.

Someone must write a piece of software to send, receive, store, or display it:

The Difference Between XML and HTML
XML and HTML were designed with different goals:

XML was designed to carry data - with focus on what data is
HTML was designed to display data - with focus on how data looks
XML tags are not predefined like HTML tags are

XML Simplifies Things
XML simplifies data sharing
XML simplifies data transport
XML simplifies platform changes
XML simplifies data availability

XML is Often a Complement to HTML
In many HTML applications, XML is used to store or transport data, while HTML is used to format and display the same data.

What is React?
React, sometimes referred to as a frontend JavaScript framework, is a JavaScript library created by Facebook.

React is a tool for building UI components.

<!-- Instead of manipulating the browser's DOM directly, React creates a virtual DOM in memory, where it does all the necessary manipulating, before making the changes in the browser DOM. -->

<!-- create react application  -->

<!-- npx create-react-app learnreact(react folder name) -->
<!-- npm start to run the application  -->
<!-- 26092023 -->

React components can be divided into two types, class components and functional components.
react components are the core building blocks of any react application. It is reusable and works independently.
